{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 SHOW SHARES;\
// Create share object\
CREATE OR REPLACE SHARE COMPLETE_SCHEMA_SHARE;\
\
// Grant usage on dabase & schema\
I GRANT USAGE ON DATABASE OUR_FIRST_DB TO SHARE COMEPLETE_SCHEMA_SHARE;\
GRANT USAGE ON SCHEMA OUR_FIRST_DB. PUBLIC TO SHARE COMPLETE_SCHEMA_SHARE;\
\
// Grant select on all tables\
GRANT SELECT ON ALL TABLES IN SCHEMA OUR_FIRST_DB. PUBLIC TO SHARE COMEPLETE_SCHEMA_SHARE;\
GRANT SELECT ON ALL TABLES IN DATABASE OUR_FIRST_DB TO SHARE COMEPLETE_SCHEMA_SHARE;\
\
// Add account to share\
ALTER SHARE COMPLETE_SCHEMA_SHARE\
ADD ACCOUNT=0W45605;\
\
\
// Updating data\
UPDATE OUR_FIRST_DB.PUBLIC. ORDERS SET PROFIT=O WHERE PROFIT < 0;\
// Add new table\
CREATE TABLE OUR_FIRST_DB. PUBLIC. NEW_TABLE (ID int) ;\
\
-- Note: Whenever we create new table explicitly we need to grand person for the new table once we have given permission before. Before and after updating the data we have to check in for reader account so then we get to know whether the data after updating is getting shared or not for verfication purpose.\
\
\
\
-- Below this need to be done on 'READER ACCOUNT'.\
\
\
// Show all shares (consumer & producers)\
SHOW SHARES;\
\
// See details on share\
DESC QNA46172. COMPLETE_SCHEMA_SHARE;\
\
// Create a database in consumer account using the share\
CREATE DATABASE OUR_FIRST_DB_SHARE FROM SHARE QNA46172. COMPLETE_SCHEMA_SHARE;\
\
// Validate table access\
SELECT * FROM OUR_FIRST_DB_SHARE.PUBLIC. ORDERS;}